[PGPNP] Add azure templates to facilitate deployments (#4172)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/phone-number-privacy/signer/azure-templates/README.md

# Azure deployment templates

Templates to facilitate deployment of new signers on Azure.

## Prequisites

> This setup assumes you've got the Azure CLI installed and that you've already created the KeyVault with the secret.

Reviewer: nit: "Key Vault" should be two words

## Choose subscription and resource group

```bash
az account set --subscription {YOUR_SUB}
RESOURCE_GROUP={YOUR_RG}
```

## Deploy the database (postgres)

Fill in the params in `db-parameters.json` and then run the following:

```bash
SERVER_NAME={YOUR_SERVER_NAME}
az deployment group create \
  --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP \
  --template-file db-template.json \
  --parameters @db-parameters.json

az postgres db create \
  --name phoneNumberPrivacy \
  --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP \
  --server-name $SERVER_NAME

az postgres db list --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP --server-name $SERVER_NAME
```

> To enable connection from the container instance, its default Connection Security settings need to be changed to "Allow access to Azure services".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable connection from the container instance, the default Connection Security settings of Postgres need to be changed to "Allow access to Azure services".
```

TODO find a way to do this via the Azure CLI. Use the portal for now.

> You'll also need to run the db migrations, either via a special docker command or by temporarily whitelisting your dev box (see parent [Readme](../Readme.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also need to run the db migrations, either via a special docker command or by temporarily whitelisting your dev box (see parent [Readme](../README.md))
```
